# # PaylinkCardHolder

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accept_headers** | **string** | The accept headers string generated by the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment process to the customer&#39;s browser. If the customer were to attempt to use a different browser an error will be generated. | [optional]
**address** | [**\CityPay\Model\PaylinkAddress**](PaylinkAddress.md) |  | [optional]
**company** | **string** | The company name for the card holder. | [optional]
**email** | **string** | The cardholder&#39;s email address. This field can be used to send a receipt to the payment cardholder. If this value is not supplied, no email will be sent. | [optional]
**firstname** | **string** | The first name of the card holder. | [optional]
**lastname** | **string** | The last name or surname of the card holder. | [optional]
**mobile_no** | **string** | The mobile number of the cardholder. This can be used for data collection via the Paylink Payment Form or to send an SMS on completion of a transaction. This feature is a licensable option and is not configured by default. | [optional]
**remote_addr** | **string** | Specifies the remote IP address of the customer&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the customer&#39;s IP address. Should the address change or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error will be generated. | [optional]
**title** | **string** | A title for the card holder such as Mr, Mrs, Ms, M. Mme. etc. | [optional]
**user_agent** | **string** | Specifies the user agent string of the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the browser. Should a different user agent attempt to process the transaction or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error is generated. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
